Writing a test is just like writing a function, with a few rules:

- It needs to be in a file with a name like `xxx_test.go`
- The test function must start with the word `Test`
- The test function takes one argument only `t *testing.T`
- In order to use the `*testing.T` type, you need to `import "testing"`, like we did with `fmt` in the other file

For now, it's enough to know that your `t` of type `*testing.T` is your "hook" into the testing framework so you can do things like `t.Fail()` when you want to fail.

## t.Errorf
We are calling the `Errorf` _method_ on our `t` which will print out a message and fail the test. The `f` stands for format which allows us to build a string with values inserted into the placeholder values `%q`. When you made the test fail it should be clear how it works.

You can read more about the placeholder strings in the [fmt go doc](https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/#hdr-Printing). For tests `%q` is very useful as it wraps your values in double quotes.

## Constants
It's worth thinking about creating constants to capture the meaning of values and sometimes to aid performance.

like so:
`const englishHelloPrefix = "Hello, "`

## Subtests

Here we are introducing another tool in our testing arsenal, subtests. Sometimes it is useful to group tests around a "thing" and then have subtests describing different scenarios.

```
func TestHello(t *testing.T) {
	t.Run("saying hello to people", func(t *testing.T) {
		got := Hello("Chris")
		want := "Hello, Chris"

		if got != want {
			t.Errorf("got %q want %q", got, want)
		}
	})
	
	t.Run("say 'Hello, World' when an empty string is supplied", func(t *testing.T) {
		got := Hello("")
		want := "Hello, World"

		if got != want {
			t.Errorf("got %q want %q", got, want)
		}
	})
}
```

## Refactoring tests
Refactoring is not *just* for the production code! When the tests are passing, we can and should refactor our tests.

For helper functions, it's a good idea to accept a `testing.TB` which is an interface that `*testing.T` and `*testing.B` both satisfy, so you can call helper functions from a test, or a benchmark.

`t.Helper()` is needed to tell the test suite that this method is a helper. By doing this when it fails the line number reported will be in our _function call_ rather than inside our test helper. This will help other developers track down problems easier.

### TDD Discipline
Let's go over the TDD-cycle:

- Write a test
- Make the compiler pass
- Run the test, see that it fails and check the error message is meaningful
- Write enough code to make the test pass
- Refactor

## Switch
When you have lots of `if` statements checking a particular value it is common to use a `switch` statement instead. We can use `switch` to refactor the code to make it easier to read and more extensible if we wish to add more language support later.

## Wrapping up

Who knew you could get so much out of Hello, world?

By now you should have some understanding of:

**Some of Go's syntax around:**
- Writing tests
- Declaring functions, with arguments and return types
- `if`, `const` and `switch`
- Declaring variables and constants

## Wrapping up

Who knew you could get so much out of `Hello, world`?

By now you should have some understanding of:


**Some of Go's syntax around**

- Writing tests

- Declaring functions, with arguments and return types

- `if`, `const` and `switch`

- Declaring variables and constants