## Wrapping up

This exercise has been a little lighter on the TDD than usual. In a way we've been taking part in one long refactoring of the `CheckWebsites` function; the inputs and outputs never changed, it just got faster. But the tests we had in place, as well as the benchmark we wrote, allowed us to refactor `CheckWebsites` in a way that maintained confidence that the software was still working, while demonstrating that it had actually become faster.

In making it faster we learned about

- _goroutines_, the basic unit of concurrency in Go, which let us check more than one website at the same time.
	To tell Go to start a new goroutine we turn a function call into a `go` statement by putting the keyword `go` in front of it: `go doSomething()`.

- _anonymous functions_, which we used to start each of the concurrent processes that check websites.

- _channels_, to help organize and control the communication between the different processes, allowing us to avoid a _race condition_ bug.
	**Example from the code:**
	// Send statement
		resultChannel <- result{u, wc(u)}
	// Receive expression
		r := <-resultChannel

- _the race detector_ which helped us debug problems with concurrent code
	- Go can help us to spot race conditions with its built in [_race detector_](https://blog.golang.org/race-detector). To enable this feature, run the tests with the `race` flag: `go test -race`

## Make it fast

One formulation of an agile way of building software, often misattributed to Kent Beck, is:

> [Make it work, make it right, make it fast](http://wiki.c2.com/?MakeItWorkMakeItRightMakeItFast)

Where 'work' is making the tests pass, 'right' is refactoring the code, and 'fast' is optimizing the code to make it, for example, run quickly. We can only 'make it fast' once we've made it work and made it right. We were lucky that the code we were given was already demonstrated to be working, and didn't need to be refactored. We should never try to 'make it fast' before the other two steps have been performed because