This may or may not make the test pass for you. The problem is we're reaching out to real websites to test our own logic.

Testing code that uses HTTP is so common that Go has tools in the standard library to help you test it.

In the mocking and dependency injection chapters, we covered how ideally we don't want to be relying on external services to test our code because they can be

- Slow
- Flaky
- Can't test edge cases

In the standard library, there is a package called [`net/http/httptest`](https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/httptest/) which enables users to easily create a mock HTTP server.

Let's change our tests to use mocks so we have reliable servers to test against that we can control.

## defer

By prefixing a function call with `defer` it will now call that function _at the end of the containing function_.

Sometimes you will need to clean up resources, such as closing a file or in our case closing a server so that it does not continue to listen to a port.

You want this to execute at the end of the function, but keep the instruction near where you created the server for the benefit of future readers of the code.

Our refactoring is an improvement and is a reasonable solution given the Go features covered so far, but we can make the solution simpler.

## Synchronising processes

- Why are we testing the speeds of the websites one after another when Go is great at concurrency? We should be able to check both at the same time.
- We don't really care about _the exact response times_ of the requests, we just want to know which one comes back first.

To do this, we're going to introduce a new construct called `select` which helps us synchronise processes really easily and clearly.

## Wrapping up

### select

- Helps you wait on multiple channels.

- Sometimes you'll want to include `time.After` in one of your `cases` to prevent your system blocking forever.

## httptest

- A convenient way of creating test servers so you can have reliable and controllable tests.

- Uses the same interfaces as the "real" `net/http` servers which is consistent and less for you to learn.
