Arrays have a _fixed capacity_ which you define when you declare the variable. We can initialize an array in two ways:

- [N]type{value1, value2, ..., valueN} 

e.g. `numbers := [5]int{1, 2, 3, 4, 5}`

- [...]type{value1, value2, ..., valueN}

e.g. `numbers := [...]int{1, 2, 3, 4, 5}`

It is sometimes useful to also print the inputs to the function in the error message. Here, we are using the `%v` placeholder to print the "default" format, which works well for arrays.

## Range
`range` lets you iterate over an array. On each iteration, `range` returns two values - the index and the value. We are choosing to ignore the index value by using

```
func Sum(numbers [5]int) int {
	sum := 0
	for _, number := range numbers {
		sum += number
	}
	return sum
}
```

### Arrays and their type

An interesting property of arrays is that the size is encoded in its type. If you try to pass an `[4]int` into a function that expects `[5]int`, it won't compile. They are different types so it's just the same as trying to pass a `string` into a function that wants an `int`.

You may be thinking it's quite cumbersome that arrays have a fixed length, and most of the time you probably won't be using them!

Go has _slices_ which do not encode the size of the collection and instead can have any size.

## Slices
We will now use the [slice type](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html#slices) which allows us to have collections of any size. The syntax is very similar to arrays, you just omit the size when declaring them

`mySlice := []int{1,2,3}` rather than `myArray := [3]int{1,2,3}`

## GO's coverage tool
Go's built-in testing toolkit features a [coverage tool](https://blog.golang.org/cover). Whilst striving for 100% coverage should not be your end goal, the coverage tool can help identify areas of your code not covered by tests. If you have been strict with TDD, it's quite likely you'll have close to 100% coverage anyway.

`go test -cover`

## Variadic functions
Go can let you write [_variadic functions_](https://gobyexample.com/variadic-functions) that can take a variable number of arguments.

```
func SumAll(numbersToSum ...[]int) []int {

return nil

}
```

## Equality operators doesn't work with slices
We can use [`reflect.DeepEqual`](https://golang.org/pkg/reflect/#DeepEqual) which is useful for seeing if _any_ two variables are the same.

## Make
`make` allows you to create a slice with a starting capacity of the `len` of the `numbersToSum` we need to work through.

```
func SumAll(numbersToSum ...[]int) []int {
	lengthOfNumbers := len(numbersToSum)
	sums := make([]int, lengthOfNumbers)

	for i, numbers := range numbersToSum {
		sums[i] = Sum(numbers)
	}

	return sums
}
```

## Slices can be sliced
Slices can be sliced! The syntax is `slice[low:high]`. If you omit the value on one of the sides of the `:` it captures everything to that side of it. In our case, we are saying "take from 1 to the end" with `numbers[1:]`.

## Wrapping up

We have covered

- Arrays

- Slices
    
    - The various ways to make them
    
    - How they have a _fixed_ capacity but you can create new slices from old ones using `append`
    
    - How to slice, slices!

- `len` to get the length of an array or slice

- Test coverage tool

- `reflect.DeepEqual` and why it's useful but can reduce the type-safety of your code