## Structs
```
type Rectangle struct {
	Width  float64
	Height float64
}
```

We can create a simple type using a **struct**. [A struct](https://golang.org/ref/spec#Struct_types) is just a named collection of fields where you can store data.

Passing a `Rectangle` to a function conveys our intent more clearly, but there are more benefits of using structs that we will cover later.

## Duplicate functions
Some programming languages allow you to do something like this:

func Area(circle Circle) float64 {}
func Area(rectangle Rectangle) float64 {}

But you cannot in Go

`./shapes.go:20:32: Area redeclared in this block`

**We have two choices:**
- You can have functions with the same name declared in different _packages_. So we could create our `Area(Circle)` in a new package, but that feels overkill here.

- We can define [_methods_](https://golang.org/ref/spec#Method_declarations) on our newly defined types instead.

## Methods
The syntax for declaring methods is almost the same as functions and that's because they're so similar. The only difference is the syntax of the method receiver `func (receiverName ReceiverType) MethodName(args)`.

```
func (c Circle) Area() float64 {
	return 0
}
```

When your method is called on a variable of that type, you get your reference to its data via the `receiverName` variable. In many other programming languages this is done implicitly and you access the receiver via `this`.

`circle.Area()`

## Interface
We want to be able to write some kind of `checkArea` function that we can pass both `Rectangle`s and `Circle`s to, but fail to compile if we try to pass in something that isn't a shape.

With Go, we can codify this intent with **interfaces**.

[Interfaces](https://golang.org/ref/spec#Interface_types) are a very powerful concept in statically typed languages like Go because they allow you to make functions that can be used with different types and create highly-decoupled code whilst still maintaining type-safety.

How does something become a shape? We just tell Go what a `Shape` is using an interface declaration

```
type Shape interface {
	Area() float64
}
```

This is quite different to interfaces in most other programming languages. Normally you have to write code to say `My type Foo implements interface Bar`.

**But in our case:**
- `Rectangle` has a method called `Area` that returns a `float64` so it satisfies the `Shape` interface
- `Circle` has a method called `Area` that returns a `float64` so it satisfies the `Shape` interface
- `string` does not have such a method, so it doesn't satisfy the interface
- etc.

In Go **interface resolution is implicit**. If the type you pass in matches what the interface is asking for, it will compile.

## Table Driven Tests
[Table driven tests](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/TableDrivenTests) are useful when you want to build a list of test cases that can be tested in the same manner.

```
func TestArea(t *testing.T) {

	areaTests := []struct {
		shape Shape
		want  float64
	}{
		{Rectangle{12, 6}, 72.0},
		{Circle{10}, 314.1592653589793},
	}

	for _, tt := range areaTests {
		got := tt.shape.Area()
		if got != tt.want {
			t.Errorf("got %g want %g", got, tt.want)
		}
	}
}
```

## Wrapping up

This was more TDD practice, iterating over our solutions to basic mathematic problems and learning new language features motivated by our tests.

- Declaring structs to create your own data types which lets you bundle related data together and make the intent of your code clearer

- Declaring interfaces so you can define functions that can be used by different types ([parametric polymorphism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parametric_polymorphism))

- Adding methods so you can add functionality to your data types and so you can implement interfaces

- Table driven tests to make your assertions clearer and your test suites easier to extend & maintain