In Go, **when you call a function or a method the arguments are** **_copied_**.

When calling `func (w Wallet) Deposit(amount int)` the `w` is a copy of whatever we called the method from.

Without getting too computer-sciency, when you create a value - like a wallet, it is stored somewhere in memory. You can find out what the _address_ of that bit of memory with `&myVal`.

We can fix this with _pointers_. [Pointers](https://gobyexample.com/pointers) let us _point_ to some values and then let us change them. So rather than taking a copy of the whole Wallet, we instead take a pointer to that wallet so that we can change the original values within it.

```
func (w *Wallet) Deposit(amount int) {
	w.balance += amount
}

func (w *Wallet) Balance() int {
	return w.balance
}
```

So instead of `Wallet` we write `*Wallet`

Now you might wonder, why did they pass? We didn't dereference the pointer in the function, like so:

```
func (w *Wallet) Balance() int {
	return (*w).balance
}
```

and seemingly addressed the object directly. In fact, the code above using `(*w)` is absolutely valid. However, the makers of Go deemed this notation cumbersome, so the language permits us to write `w.balance`, without an explicit dereference. These pointers to structs even have their own name: _struct pointers_ and they are [automatically dereferenced](https://golang.org/ref/spec#Method_values).

## Create new types from existing ones
We said we were making a Bitcoin wallet but we have not mentioned them so far. We've been using `int` because they're a good type for counting things!

It seems a bit overkill to create a `struct` for this. `int` is fine in terms of the way it works but it's not descriptive.

Go lets you create new types from existing ones.

The syntax is `type MyName OriginalType`

To "make" `Bitcoin` you just use the syntax `Bitcoin(999)`.

By doing this we're making a new type and we can declare _methods_ on them. This can be very useful when you want to add some domain specific functionality on top of existing types.

## Stringer interface
```
type Stringer interface {
	String() string
}
```

This interface is defined in the `fmt` package and lets you define how your type is printed when used with the `%s` format string in prints.

## Var
The `var` keyword allows us to define values global to the package.

## Unchecked errors

Whilst the Go compiler helps you a lot, sometimes there are things you can still miss and error handling can sometimes be tricky.

There is one scenario we have not tested. To find it, run the following in a terminal to install `errcheck`, one of many linters available for Go.

## Short summary
### Pointers
- Go copies values when you pass them to functions/methods, so if you're writing a function that needs to mutate state you'll need it to take a pointer to the thing you want to change.

- The fact that Go takes a copy of values is useful a lot of the time but sometimes you won't want your system to make a copy of something, in which case you need to pass a reference. Examples include referencing very large data structures or things where only one instance is necessary (like database connection pools).

### nil
- Pointers can be nil

- When a function returns a pointer to something, you need to make sure you check if it's nil or you might raise a runtime exception - the compiler won't help you here.

- Useful for when you want to describe a value that could be missing

## Errors
- Errors are the way to signify failure when calling a function/method.

- By listening to our tests we concluded that checking for a string in an error would result in a flaky test. So we refactored our implementation to use a meaningful value instead and this resulted in easier to test code and concluded this would be easier for users of our API too.

- This is not the end of the story with error handling, you can do more sophisticated things but this is just an intro. Later sections will cover more strategies.

- [Don’t just check errors, handle them gracefully](https://dave.cheney.net/2016/04/27/dont-just-check-errors-handle-them-gracefully)
## Create new types from existing ones
- Useful for adding more domain specific meaning to values

- Can let you implement interfaces