```
type Dictionary map[string]string

func (d Dictionary) Search(word string) string {
	return d[word]
}
```

Declaring a Map is somewhat similar to an array. Except, it starts with the `map` keyword and requires two types. The first is the key type, which is written inside the `[]`. The second is the value type, which goes right after the `[]`.

The key type is special. It can only be a comparable type because without the ability to tell if 2 keys are equal, we have no way to ensure that we are getting the correct value. Comparable types are explained in depth in the [language spec](https://golang.org/ref/spec#Comparison_operators).

An interesting property of maps is that you can modify them without passing as an address to it (e.g `&myMap`)

This may make them _feel_ like a "reference type", [but as Dave Cheney describes](https://dave.cheney.net/2017/04/30/if-a-map-isnt-a-reference-variable-what-is-it) they are not.

> A map value is a pointer to a runtime.hmap structure.

So when you pass a map to a function/method, you are indeed copying it, but just the pointer part, not the underlying data structure that contains the data.

A gotcha with maps is that they can be a `nil` value. A `nil` map behaves like an empty map when reading, but attempts to write to a `nil` map will cause a runtime panic. You can read more about maps [here](https://blog.golang.org/go-maps-in-action).

**Therefore, you should never initialize an empty map variable:**

`var m map[string]string`

Instead, you can initialize an empty map like we were doing above, or use the `make` keyword to create a map for you:

`var dictionary = map[string]string{}`

// OR

`var dictionary = make(map[string]string)`

## Wrapping up

In this section, we covered a lot. We made a full CRUD (Create, Read, Update and Delete) API for our dictionary. Throughout the process we learned how to:

- Create maps
- Search for items in maps
- Add new items to maps
- Update items in maps
- Delete items from a map
- Learned more about errors
    - How to create errors that are constants
    - Writing error wrappers


