There are _a lot_ of misunderstandings around dependency injection around the programming community. Hopefully, this guide will show you how

- You don't need a framework

- It does not overcomplicate your design

- It facilitates testing

- It allows you to write great, general-purpose function

Just to recap, here is what that function could look like
```
func Greet(name string) {
	fmt.Printf("Hello, %s", name)
}
```

But how can we test this? Calling `fmt.Printf` prints to stdout, which is pretty hard for us to capture using the testing framework.

What we need to do is to be able to **inject** (which is just a fancy word for pass in) the dependency of printing.

## Dependency Injection (DI):

- Dependency injection is a way to pass dependencies (such as functions or objects) into a function or a struct.
- The goal is to make code more testable, avoid overcomplicating designs, facilitate testing, and enhance code reusability.

The example function to greet someone initially uses `fmt.Printf`, which makes testing difficult due to its reliance on stdout.

**Using Interfaces for Testability:**
    - To make the code testable, an interface (`io.Writer`) is introduced instead of a concrete type.
    - The `Greet` function is modified to accept an `io.Writer` interface, allowing the injection of different implementations for testing

## Conclusion:
- Dependency injection is a valuable tool for improving testability, code organization, and reusability.
- Familiarity with general-purpose interfaces in the standard library enhances the adaptability of code to various contexts.