This passage discusses the process of writing a program in Go using test-driven development (TDD) and introduces the concept of mocking for testing purposes. Here's a summary:

## More on TDD approach

- When faced with less trivial examples, break the problem down into "thin vertical slices". Try to get to a point where you have _working software backed by tests_ as soon as you can, to avoid getting in rabbit holes and taking a "big bang" approach.

- Once you have some working software it should be easier to _iterate with small steps_ until you arrive at the software you need.

## Mocking

- **Without mocking important areas of your code will be untested**. In our case we would not be able to test that our code paused between each print but there are countless other examples. Calling a service that _can_ fail? Wanting to test your system in a particular state? It is very hard to test these scenarios without mocking.

- Without mocks you may have to set up databases and other third parties things just to test simple business rules. You're likely to have slow tests, resulting in **slow feedback loops**.

- By having to spin up a database or a webservice to test something you're likely to have **fragile tests** due to the unreliability of such services.

Once a developer learns about mocking it becomes very easy to over-test every single facet of a system in terms of the _way it works_ rather than _what it does_. Always be mindful about **the value of your tests** and what impact they would have in future refactoring.

In this post about mocking we have only covered **Spies**, which are a kind of mock. Mocks are a type of "test double."

### But mocks and tests are still making my life hard!

**Ever run into this situation?**
- You want to do some refactoring
- To do this you end up changing lots of tests
- You question TDD and make a post on Medium titled "Mocking considered harmful"

This is usually a sign of you testing too much _implementation detail_. Try to make it so your tests are testing _useful behaviour_ unless the implementation is really important to how the system runs.